Add `network` parameter in `XRPClient` (#178)
xpring-eng/xpring4j: CHANGELOG.md

- All legacy services are removed from XpringKit. All RPC's go through [rippled's protocol buffer API](https://github.com/ripple/rippled/pull/3254).

#### Changed

> - `XRPClient` requires a new parameter in it's constructor that identifies the network it is attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `XRPClient` constructor requires a new parameter that identifies the network it is connected to.
```

I was going to suggest `it's` -> `its` but this rewording reads nicer, imho
